We conducted experiments on the benchmark CIFAR10 for classification with CNNs and reconstruction with autoencoders.
In particular, we pruned He initialized VGG16 models for classification with edge-popup with annealing for {{2110.11150_FO0161||FO}} levels, {{2110.11150_FO0269||FO}} epochs, and optimized via SGD with momentum of {{2110.11150_FO0270||FO}}, learning rate of {{2110.11150_FO0271||FO}}, and cosine annealing of the learning rate, as discussed in the original paper {{2110.11150_REF_edgepopup||CIT}}. Experiments were repeated {{2110.11150_FO0161||FO}} times. 
For reconstruction, we pruned a convolutional autoencoder as detailed in Table. (ref), with annealing for {{2110.11150_FO0161||FO}} levels, {{2110.11150_FO0269||FO}} epochs, optimized with Adam and a constant learning rate of {{2110.11150_FO0272||FO}}. These set of experiments were repeated {{2110.11150_FO0273||FO}} times. 
From the results, reported in Fig. (ref), our first observation is that we can successfully prune for strong lottery tickets for both zero bias as well as nonzero bias initialized networks.
Second, the achieved results do not differ significantly. Upon further investigation of the autoencoder tickets, this might be the case due to insufficient pruning of bias parameters, as most of the layers in the ticket do not contain any bias. 
This could be a systematic property of image data, i.e. convolutions do not require bias parameters for efficient prediction or reconstruction, or could be a shortcoming of current strong lottery ticket pruning to be parameter-inefficient and hence unable to draw advantage from the bias parameters.
In recent literature, it was shown that edge-popup is indeed unable to recover a ground truth ticket of high sparsity for CIFAR10 {{2110.11150_REF_fischer2022planting||CIT}}.
Only once more efficient SLT pruners are available, we can give a definite answer to the question of whether biases are necessary for efficent SLTs for imaging data.