**Proof.** Lemma (ref) simplifies the above parameter initialization to an equivalent setting, in which each parameter is distributed as $w_{ij}, b_i \sim {U[-1,1]}$, while the overall output is scaled by the stated scaling factor $\lambda$. We assume that all parameters are bounded by $1$ so that we can find them within the range $[-1,1]$. Otherwise, we would need to increase $n_{2l-1}$ by a factor that is proportional to the maximum parameter value $\theta_{\text{max}}$, which is integrated into our constant $C$. Every layer $l$ of $f$ corresponds in our construction to two layers of $f_0$, i.e., layers $2l-1$ and $2l$. The neurons in layer $2l$ correspond directly to the output neurons in layer $l$ of $f$. Thus, we only need width $n_{2l,0} = n_l$ in $f_0$. Layer $2l-1$ serves the construction of intermediary neurons of in-degree $1$. Using the identity $\phi(x) = \phi(x) - \phi(-x)$, we see that all neurons in layer $l$ of $f$ can indeed be represented by a two-layer neural network consisting of $3 n_{l-1}$ intermediary neurons of degree $1$, as \begin{align} x^{(l)}_i & = \phi\left(\sum_j w^{(l)}_{ij} x^{(l-1)}_j + b^{(l)}_i\right) \\ & = \phi\left(\sum_j w^{(l)}_{ij} \phi\left(x^{(l-1)}_j\right) - \sum_j w^{(l)}_{ij} \phi\left(-x^{(l-1)}_j\right) + b^{(l)}_i \phi\left( 1 \right) \right). \end{align} According to Lemma (ref), we need to approximate each $w^{(l)}_{ij}$ and $-w^{(l)}_{ij}$ up to error $\epsilon_l/2$ and $b^{(l)}_i$ up to error $\epsilon_l$ to guarantee our overall approximation objective. Since we have to do this for every parameter, our overall approximation can only be successful with probability $1-\delta$ if we increase our success probability for each parameter, $1-\delta_l$, accordingly. In total, we have $m_{l,\text{max}}$ of such nonzero parameters in layer $l$ with $m_{l,\text{max}} \leq 2 n_l k_{l,\text{max}}$. (To be precise, $m_{l,\text{max}}$ denotes the number of parameters that are bigger than $\epsilon_l$). The successes of finding different parameters are not necessarily independent but we can identify a sufficient $\delta_l$ with the help of a union bound. Accordingly, $1-\delta \geq 1 - \sum^L_{l=1} \delta_l m_{l,\text{max}}$ is fulfilled for $\delta_l \leq \delta/(2 L n_l k_{l,\text{max}})$. Note that we later integrate the factor $2$ in the constant related to the layer width. With probability at least $1-\delta_l$, we can approximate each single parameter by solving the subset sum problem for the corresponding neuron. As outlined in Cor. 2 by {{2110.11150_REF_pensia2020optimal||CIT}}, which is based on Cor. 3.3 by {{2110.11150_REF_subsetsum||CIT}}, we need $C \log\left(\frac{1}{\min\left(\delta_l, \epsilon_l\right)} \right)$ neurons in layer $2l-1$ per neuron of the form $\phi\left(\pm x^{(l-1)}_j\right)$ or $\phi\left(1\right)$. Since we have to represent $3 n_{l-1}$ of these neurons, in total we require layer $2l-1$ of $f_0$ to have width \begin{align} n_{2l-1,0} \geq C n_{l-1} \log\left(\frac{1}{\min\left(\delta_l, \epsilon_l\right)} \right). \end{align} Next, we briefly explain the main ideas that lead to this result. The main difference of our situations in comparison with {{2110.11150_REF_pensia2020optimal||CIT}} is that we additionally create neurons of the form $\phi\left(1\right)$ to represent nonzero biases. Let $\phi(y)$ be our target neuron, where $y$ is either $y = x^{(l-1)}_j$ or $y=1$ depending on which neuron we want to represent. Note that we can construct multiple candidates for a neuron $\phi(y)$ by pruning neurons in layer $2l-1$. We achieve that by setting all weights that do not lead to $y$ in the previous layer and the bias term of a neuron to zero or, if $y=1$, we set all weights to zero and keep the nonzero bias term if the bias is positive. Let the index set of the such pruned neurons corresponding to $y$ be $I$. This leaves us with neurons of the form $w_{2,i}\phi\left(w_{1,i} y\right)$ with $\text{sign}(y) w_{1,i} \sim U[0,1]$ and $w_{2,i} \sim U[-1,1]$ for $i \in I$. For the probability distribution of $w_{1,i} w_{2,i}$, Cor. 2 of {{2110.11150_REF_pensia2020optimal||CIT}} states that it contains a uniform distribution. It follow that the subset sum problem has a solution. Thus, for any parameter $\theta \in [-1,1]$ there exists a subset $S \subset I$ so that with probability at least $1-\delta_l$ \begin{align} |\theta - \sum_{i \in S} w_{1,i} w_{2,i}| \leq \epsilon_l. \end{align} if $|I| \geq C \log\left(\frac{1}{\min\left(\delta_l, \epsilon_l\right)} \right)$, which was to be shown. Note that the same result also holds for normally distributed $w_{1,i}$, $w_{2,i}$, as their product contains a uniform distribution. This follows from the fact that the normal distribution contains a uniform distribution {{2110.11150_REF_pensia2020optimal||CIT}}. Thus, the product of two normal distributions contains a product of two uniform distributions and this product of uniform distributions contains a uniform distribution as stated by Cor. 2 of {{2110.11150_REF_pensia2020optimal||CIT}}. $\square$